hi how about youtube friends like the
been not expecting to find my
name is key and is in the channel
master pc
excuse me if you hear something weird but I
you want to give all
and well
as I had already said in a video
previous in the cyclical download in the
portable in this video I'm going to show you
how to really use it is very easy
and then if you do not have this program in
the description of the video will be the link
of the video so you can download it
the
Here is the interface of the chiclanero
and what we will do is click where
says cleaner on the left side we
comes out a menu we click on cleaner and
analyze
yes in case you have files
based on running the cleaner accept and
here it tells you when you have deleted them
is going to tell you
how many mb / d libero
and we enter the registry in the same way
is in the left menu we give in
look for problems and here may take a
little because they are the problems that when
you turn on your computer, maybe there's a
bad start as you can see I have
these and we give in repairing selected
we see that no no and no
although as you see already says that no
problem has failed now we move on to the
tool option
as you see here shows us the programs
installed
and in case you want to uninstall
any
packaged select it and you are going to click
in running uninstaller
it is very easy next following
finish we're going to start
and here you can configure the boot of
your system is to say if you want to remove
something that starts with two systems
we can do
I'll leave it that way
I am fine but had to
deactivate not only the choices and you
click on that active
restore and restore the system here
You can see the day and the description of
of the restaurant lie delete unit this
program also allows you to delete a
unity
in case you do not want any of the
elections and erases them
in options we find the option of the
chiclanero in the version and version and
the language in configuration we can
select another language if we want to
example from Georgia but in this case I
I choose it in Spanish
once done that
I think there is nothing left to say
and that's how easy it is to use this simple
program the truth is highly recommended
since there is always a program of
cleaning on your computer
I also have videos of how to make a
maintenance to a computer without
programs
everything propitiates the tools of
windows and I hope and this video
basic and simple more than anything has
helped have served
and then we will continue to see the
different records say goodbye and go
See you later